Hello everybody and welcome to
this tutorial, this is part three.
Anyway today we're just gonna do
a little bit more configuration.
So just do commands,
you need to do this one.
So you need to make an adjustment
to your firewall and
make sure that you have this port here,
and port 80 here.
You can follow through exactly
the same command as I have,
except you need to change
the interface here.
And you can see I've been testing
this on my physical machine so
I've used the wireless interface there,
but here it would be eth, oops.
A moment.
Here it would be eth0, and
likewise you will adapt it to
whatever you your operating system,
your markation for
that interface that you are using is.
If you are using Kali Linux as I am for
this for
the purposes of this tutorial, and
if you have a default install,
then you can type in exactly the same
command as I have typed in now, with eth0.
Anyway, [SOUND] don't need
to reset the service again.
In addition to that command,
[SOUND] where is it?
Here.
Excellent, so
you will need to do this as well.
I know that we've done this
in the previous tutorial but
I take it that we're
doing it from scratch.
So it's echo 1 and
just put it into ip_forward.
I'm not gonna go too much into this or
how you can check it because I already
explained it in the previous tutorials.
Down below are just some scripts, some of
which we have downloaded from the net and
the rest you can download
on your own if you wish.
But in any case,
I want to actually get this started.
And before I can do that I just need
to do a budget configuration quickly.
Nothing really special about that.
You make this directory.
So, like this.
Mkdir /var/www/tmp, press enter.
Okay, cannot create directory
because I have already created it.
And down below is the mod change for
permissions actually.
You are changing permissions for
that directory.
So nothing frightening there.
It's just chmod 777 and
make sure that it's /var/www/tmp.
That's it.
The mod was already 777 there,
but whatever.
I'm just gonna do it one more time.
Anyway, go ahead and clear your screen.
Service httpd restart.
Oh, it's not httpd, sorry.
Httpd is for Fedora.
Here, it's apache2,
just the name of the package.
Come on.
There we go.
It's gonna, yep.
It's going to restart.
Anyway, it's going to bump up a warning.
It says could not reliably determine
the server's fully qualified domain name.
It doesn't matter.
That's just a warning.
You are not required to
actually set that up.
The server will run just fine without it.
Go ahead and clear the screen.
We have a squid that is
running at the moment,
since we have restarted it a moment ago.
Now, we need to conduct an ARP spoof here.
I've been conducting a bit of ARP
spoofing myself prior to this
tutorial just to make sure
that everything works.
And I do believe, here we go.
I have it.
So type in arpspoof -i for interface,
-t for a victim, and
-r for a default gateway.
Then just flip them around, and,
come on, tell me I have them flipped.
I do have them flipped.
Wow, this is amazing.
Excellent.
In the previous tutorials I have
explained why this is necessary,
why you need to do this.
I know that my victim's IP address is,
the last octet is 101.
If you don't know what
it is just use nmap and
figure out which hosts
are alive on the network.
Go ahead and press enter here,
press enter here.
The ARP spoofing process is alive and
rolling.
Go ahead and click on your Windows 8,
well I'm using Windows 8.1 machine,
you could be using something else,
completely irrelevant what we are using.
Plenty of operating systems out there.
Now keynote here.
These scripts are not always gonna work,
and
not all of them will work
with the same things.
So just read through the files
when you download them.
Read what they say.
If there are any readme files or
if it doesn't work with something,
just type it out on the forums, type it
out on your favorite search engine and
you will see that people before you
have encountered similar problems.
And they will, you will pretty much
be able to see what is going on.
So I do need to show you
something with this terminal here.
I need a large one.
Tell me you're gonna increase.
No, you will not.
Properties.
Oh this is a cursor size, sorry.
I need a font, I need a lot larger
font cuz I am apparently blind.
No, larger than this.
Give me this.
Excellent.
So I'm just going to
clear the screen here.
CLS this here.
And this is how I know for
sure that this computer is ARP spoofed.
This is something that I've
been meaning to tell you, but
I just never got around to it really.
You type in arp -a, for
all, and press enter.
OK, so this is one interface,
another, another.
We're not interested in those,
we are interested in this one.
How do I know that I am
interested in this one?
Well, you type in ipconfig.
And you go to the,
you have the names of the adapters here.
So ethernet adapter virtual
box is the only network.
Not that.
I need ethernet adapter ethernet.
And that's going to be 192.168.0.1.
I can't select things on
this wretched CMD, but
that is completely inferior
to the Linux terminal.
What can I really do about it?
Anyway, type in arp -a,
scroll up to the top,
and you will see that there is
an IP address 192.168.0.101.
Now in the Linux we have been able to
establish what is the default gateway.
And the default gateway is,
of course, the same for
all the machines here on the same network.
So the default gateway is 192.168.0.1.
That is the very first IP
address that you see, and
right next to is on the right side,
it says physical address and
then it says 90-f6-52-c1-bb-18.
Okay, so that is our default gateway.
Down below you have a,
that's a host computer and
below it is actually 104,
which is supposed to be exactly the same.
Oh, apparently this is not ARP spoofed,
I wonder why.
Let's do ipconfig.
It's still 101.
Let's see if this is gonna work.
I don't know,
let's just type in Google web search.
Google, Linux has indeed added it,
but why hasn't it arp spoofed?
That is what I want to know.
arp -a, press enter.
Hm, this is
quite strange.
The MAC addresses are actually
exactly the same, how I have no idea.
Apparently it's not registering it.
Probably because it's a virtual machine.
But usually when I do
168.0.104 will be the same,
will have the same MAC address
as the default gateway.
Why isn't it showing here,
I have literally no idea.
But I'm doing this segment for fun anyway.
So we're not gonna get into that too much.
Usually it would show on a physical
machine, it will show here for
some strange reason.
Maybe, that's just an assumption,
I'm not too sure.
Because the virtual machine
that it's not showing.
But anyway, if you see that anybody on
your ARP list has the same MAC address
as your default gateway, you know that
there is something the matter with it.
You know that there is a problem,
that there's something going on,
because the odds of that are,
well, actually non-existent.
Because MAC addresses are regulated by
manufacturers and it's not possible for
two devices to have the same MAC address,
especially not for two recent devices.
Anyway, I'm gonna go ahead and
close this frustrating CMD.
And you see, it says here Google and I've.
Okay, so I'll just go back to the MSN.com.
Anyway, my search query was Google and
if I press web search.
No, no, no, don't fix it.
I don't want you to fix it.
You never fix anything.
So Google, I press Websearch and
the page cannot be displayed.
Make sure the http.
Ping google.com, does it work?
Yes, yes it does work.
What is the problem?
Why?
Why, Explorer, why?
There we go.
It is open now.
Yeah, I just figured out
why this is happening.
If you are performing this sort
of an attack, your victim might,
like I have here,
might experience slight delays or
temporary loss of connection for a couple
of seconds or something like that.
I wouldn't call it loss
of connection completely.
It would just be unable to load
the website from the first try,
but, instead of giving you
the reload option here apparently
it just gives you fixed
problems which it doesn't fix.
If I was using Chrome or
something like that I would just
get an option to reload the page.
If you press reload the page
it will succeed, no problems.
Now, my search query was Google and
on top of that it has added a word Linux.
How does it know which words to add?
Well, simple enough.
We can go ahead and
modify the script ourselves.
So I'm back in the Kali Linux machine.
And if just do ll, whoops, ls.
My Google search is here.
Let me just nano google search.
Excellent.
So, it says extra text.
Extra text is Linux.
I can put whatever I want there,
it's completely irrelevant.
I'm gonna put, what am I gonna put?
Smurf.
Blue.
Black.
Gray wall.
I am running out of ideas.
What am I gonna put there?
Six.
Let's put the number six.
Just because I'm completely
flushed out of ideas tonight.
Anyway, if you wish multiple words,
you can type in +, and
I can type in seven.
That's like super original for my side.
I am all original tonight.
Note that this is not
actually six plus seven.
This is the word six and then plus seven.
Let me just think of something else.
Let's type in brick.
So six+brick and then I can type in space.
Then I can type in blackhole.
And I can type in plus, I don't know,
alcohol, or I don't know.
I have no idea.
It doesn't really matter.
This is how you would add multiple words.
So with a plus sign, you can add
pretty much as many words as you like.
Eventually there is a limit somewhere
out there, but nothing meaningful.
You can add pretty much as
many words as you like.
I'm just gonna leave it six,
not gonna bother.
But you can try an experiment.
Type in different things and
see what you get, the results.
Don't give it too long of a string
because it might not work.
Anyway, Windows 8.
Oh, wait, I need to reset.
And remember, once you change
the configuration files, or
pretty much anything related to
the configuration files from which
the configuration file takes something,
such as this script,
because the configuration
is taking this script.
You need to restart the service.
So service squid3 restart.
Notice that also my ARP spoofing
is going on in the background and
I can just reset the squid proxy without
pausing the ARP spoofing process at all.
I'm not gonna do anything to it.
I'm not gonna touch it.
I'm just gonna leave it running while
the squid proxy is actually resetting.
And, I don't know.
Last time, it took maybe 30 seconds,
something like that.
This time, hopefully, it's gonna take
a bit of a shorter amount of time.
And there we go.
It's done, complete.
Let's go over to Windows 8.
I'm gonna close this, and
let's perform a web search.
Why are giving me fix connection?
Just reload the page.
And there we go.
Once you like press just Ctrl+R, once you
actually reload the page, it's gonna work.
So you see, it says Google and
then it says six.
Anyway, that would be it.
Before I wrap this tutorial up,
please let me urge you all to
experiment as much as you can.
Try all the other scripts
that you can find.
But please, and I mean please,
do not just download
a script from a random
link somewhere on the net.
Don't do that.
You have seen where I found the script,
where I have downloaded it.
I mean, you can find the script elsewhere,
that's not a problem.
But be very specific as far as
the places from which you download
the scripts are concerned.
So as you've seen, I've downloaded it from
Google Code, which is pretty safe, and
plus I can actually read the script and
see what's written in it.
And you can in such a way be safer, but
if you can't read the script it
doesn't really do much good.
Anyway, I am urging you once again,
be very careful from where
you download the scripts.
But please do experiment as well.
Try, try a lot of other varieties.
One more thing to say is that
browsers are getting updated.
There are security precautions
which are being put in place, so
not all the scripts will work.
This attack won't work forever, and
it won't work on all machines, and
it won't work against anyone.
So please keep that in
mind when attempting this.
Usually best to go against somebody
who doesn't have the latest updates.
But that's a pretty general sentence, and
you might think that that is such a far
fetched idea that that's impossible.
But let me tell you something.
Most people don't have the latest updates.
They don't have the latest software.
There are multiple reasons for that.
Sometimes it's money, but most of
the time it's just that people are lazy.
They don't perform regular updates and
even though it cost them literally
nothing, maybe like five minutes of
their time or something of a kind.
Another thing is that people
are using operating systems for
which the security support has ran out.
So there are no more security updates for
those operating systems,
which is fantastic.
And you might think that I'm talking
about Windows XP or something of a kind.
No, I'm not talking about Windows XP.
If you're using Windows XP your machine
is practically public property.
Primarily because there are a lot
of people out there scanning for
those machines as they are extremely
vulnerable to all sorts of attacks.
But I'm talking more about, for
example, let's say Windows 7.
Security support still hasn't ran out but
they're not exactly enthusiastic about it.
Windows 8.1 is fairly good with security
but it still has some loopholes,
and if not updated on a regular
basis it can encounter problems.
And even if it is upgraded,
I mean my system here, it's upgraded.
This red flag that you see at the bottom.
This is not the updates, this is just
telling me turn something on for
Windows that I don't want to turn on.
I think it's the Windows default firewall
or antivirus or something of a kind.
Anyway, that being said I wish
to bid you all farewell and
I hope to see you in the next tutorial.